chore: add callout with link to external IdP configuration in signInWithRedirect (#8203)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/connect-your-frontend/sign-in/index.mdx

To sign in using an external identity provider such as Google, use the `signInWithRedirect` function.

<Callout info>

> For guidance on configuring an external Identity Provider with Amplify see [External Identity Providers](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/build-a-backend/auth/concepts/external-identity-providers/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidance on configuring an external Identity Provider with Amplify see [External Identity Providers](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/concepts/external-identity-providers/)
```
